Add ChefDK 4.1 and 4.2 release notes (#2056)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/release_notes_chefdk.rst

=====================================================
Release Notes: ChefDK 0.19 - 4.2
=====================================================
`[edit on GitHub] <https://github.com/chef/chef-web-docs/blob/master/chef_master/source/release_notes_chefdk.rst>`__

ChefDK is released on a monthly schedule with new releases the third Monday of every month. Below are the major changes for each release. For a detailed list of changes, see the `ChefDK Changelog on GitHub <https://github.com/chef/chef-dk/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md>`__

What's New in 4.2
=====================================================

* **Bug Fixes**

  * Rubygems has been rolled back to 3.0.3 to resolve duplicate bundler gems that shipped in ChefDK 4.1.7. This resulted in warning messages when running commands as well as performance degradations.
  * Fixed 'chef install foo.lock.json' errors when loading cookbooks from Artifactory.

* **Updated Components**

  * **knife-ec2 1.0.8**

    Knife-ec2 has been updated to 1.0.8. This release removes previously deprecated bootstrap command-line options that were removed from Chef Infra Client 15.

  * **knife-vsphere 3.0.1**

>     Knife-vsphere has been updated to 3.0.1 to resolve Ruby warnings that occured when running some commmands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Knife-vsphere has been updated to 3.0.1 to resolve Ruby warnings that occurred when running some commands.
```

    * **knife ec2 vpc list**

    This command lists all VPCs in your environment including the ID, which you need when provisioning new systems into a specific VPC.

    .. code-block:: none

        $ knife ec2 vpc list
        ID            State      CIDR Block     Instance Tenancy  DHCP Options ID  Default VPC?
        vpc-b1bc8d9d  available  10.0.0.0/16    default           dopt-1d78412a    No
        vpc-daafd931  available  172.0.0.0/16   default           dopt-1d78412a    Yes

    * **knife ec2 eni list**

    This command lists all ENIs in your environment including the ID, which you need when adding the ENI to a newly provisioned instance.

    .. code-block:: none

        $ knife ec2 eni list
        ID                     Status  AZ          Public IP       Private IPs    IPv6 IPs  Subnet ID        VPC ID
        eni-0123f25ae7805b651  in-use  us-west-2a  63.192.209.236  10.0.0.204               subnet-4ef3b123  vpc-b1bc8d9d
        eni-2451c913           in-use  us-west-2a  137.150.209.123 10.0.0.245               subnet-4ef3b123  vpc-b1bc8d9d

    * **knife ec2 securitygroup list**

>     This command lists all security groups in your environment including the ID, which you need when assigning a newly provisioned instance a group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This command lists all security groups in your environment including the ID, which you need when assigning a newly provisioned instance to a group.
```
